There's no way I
did bad on that test.
I stayed up all night studying.
How do you guys think you did?
That was a lot easier than
I thought it would be.
(man)
Yuma... Hey!
Do we know you?
Allow me to introduce myself.
Art Stanley.
President of the Comic Book
Appreciation Club,
Heartland City Chapter,
charter pending.
I never heard of you guys.
That's because they
only have one member.
I have a little favor to ask.
Our organization is going to
create a literary masterpiece.
And for the hero of our tale,
we wanna use you, Yuma!
You want me to
be in your comic?
That's incredible, Yuma!
Yeah!
The champion of the Duel
Carnival, the legend among men,
I present to you,
the ultimate hero.
(Yuma)
Whoa...
I'm awesome!
Glad you think so!
One last question.
I'm aware of the many ways
in which you are awesome,
but I'm curious...
What's your weak point?
Uh, my weak point?
That's an easy one.
I don't have one!
Every hero has a weakness,
it's... Hang on.
Uh, pardon me, Shark?
Art Stanley...
Hi, I'm making a comic book.
I've modeled a character after
you named "The Nightshark."
Awesome, right?
I just need your permission
to put it in the comic.
It's lame.
So is that a yes?
Are you touching me?
Could I get you to sign
a release form?
Back off!
Don't even think about it.
You dropped your sketchbook.
Thank you, kind sir!
This little book contains
every scribble, doodle, idea,
and design I've ever
had in my life.
I don't know what
I'd do if I lost it.
Cool.
Well, can't wait to see
it when it's all done.
I'm looking
forward to the comic book.
Hey, Shark wait up!
(Yuma)
How do you think
you did on that test?
(Shark) Whatever.
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(Shark) Rio...
I wish I could
make things better.
Please wake up.
♪ ♪
(Rio) Here, Reginald!
What do you expect me to
do with those things, Rio?
I'm your big brother,
not your sister.
That's a mean thing to say!
Just forget it then!
See if I care!
Rio... I would do anything
to keep you safe...
(Girag) Shark?
What sort of name is Shark?
(Art) It's a nickname.
The point is, I couldn't
find Yuma's weak point,
but I did find Shark's.
I can get his Number Card.
I've already laid out my
entire plan in this sketchbook.
It's perfect.
All right.
Go for it.
For the glory of Barian World!
Before you head out...
I'm working on
a comic book too!
Oh...
Whaddya think?
(Ray)
We brought enough
gifts, right?
Guys, I told you.
Rio is still asleep.
She hasn't woken up in weeks.
So this candy...
Ray, she can't eat
any of it.
That's perfect!
More sugary goodness for me!
Hey there, Shark!
We came by to see your sister.
She's gone.
She's not in her room.
She disappeared!
(Yuma) Disappeared?
What are you talking about?
(Art)
Oh, good, you're
all together!
What're you doing here, Art?
Actually, I came
here to talk about Rio.
Hey, how do you know about Rio?
Did you...
do something?
I happen to know
where your sister is...
If you want me to tell you,
then you are going
to have to duel me.
You want a duel?
Just tell us where she is!
Yuma...
I sense something strange
about this person.
What do you say, Shark?
Shall we duel?
You're gonna regret
messing with my sister.
Duel Disk locked!
Duel Gazer loaded!
(computer)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(both) Let's duel!
You're gonna wish you
hadn't messed with me.
I draw!
I summon Shocktopus!
But it won't be
sticking around for long,
'cause by tributing it, I
can summon Sharkraken!
And with that, I place one
card facedown and end my turn!
Here we go.
I draw!
First of all, I think
this duel should be set
in a different location!
Welcome to the Comic Fields!
This kingdom is the product
of my imagination
and everything that transpires
in it is all part of my story!
It's a rather epic tale of a
brave and noble hero
who looks an awful lot like me,
who embarks on a harrowing quest
climaxing in the defeat
of the evil Lord Shark
also known as "The Nightshark."
Our story begins with
the summoning of Lancelot,
Knight of the Lake!
And then from
my hand I activate
Vow of the Sword spell card!
When I've got a
Warrior on my field...
This spell allows me to summon
another warrior to the battle
to fight by its side!
Take a knee in honor of
Tristan, Knight of Tragedy.
In one move, he was able to
summon two Level 4 monsters
to his field.
That's not all...
I overlay Lancelot and Tristan!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Comics Hero King Arthur!
And before I forget...
When Lancelot becomes
an Overlay Unit,
its special ability activates,
stripping one of your monsters
of 800 attack points.
Now charge, King Arthur!
Attack Sharkraken!
I'd be shaking in
my shoes if my facedown card
wasn't Zeus' Breath!
But I'm afraid it is!
It stops your monster's attack
and slams you with
800 points of damage!
Better luck next time, Stanley!
But I thought you
cared about your sister.
What do you mean?
Oh, right!
I haven't told you yet.
You want to know where
your sister is?
Little Rio is in the world
my imagination created,
locked in a
dungeon in Castle...
Oh, let's call it
"Castle Artopia"
in the kingdom
of "Stanleyus!"
If you defeat me, the kingdom of
Stanleyus will be destroyed,
and if that happens,
then who knows what'll
happen to your sister?
Something tragic probably.
You think this is funny?
That is seriously low.
Yeah, what can Shark do?
I'm so sorry, Shark.
You can't win this one.
And once it's all over,
your Number Card will be mine!
King Arthur attack
with Radiant Sword!
And with that done,
I end my turn
by placing one card facedown.
Your move, Shark!
Not cool.
What's Shark supposed to do?
(Girag) Good job, kid.
That Number Card is ours.
We've gotta find a way
to get Rio out of there.
This field is a world that
Art Stanley conjured
through some kind of power.
Since he is the world's
creator, he controls it.
"The world's creator..."
I got it!
Remember his sketchbook?
Yeah...
This story of
his might be in it!
If he drew this magic world in
that book, then we might be...
Then we might be
able to erase it!
We've gotta find
that sketchbook!
It's my turn!
I draw!
And now I summon Hammer Shark!
That monster's
not worthy enough!
I want your Number!
I guess you're gonna make
me force your hand.
By activating my
trap Ordeal of the Hero!
Now things are really gonna
get interesting.
This trap forces you to
select and summon two monsters
from your deck with
the same Level as Hammer Shark.
So get to drawing, Shark!
There's no getting
outta this... do it!
All right, pencil neck, we'll
do things your way for now.
I summon Spear Shark
and Double Shark!
Now use all three of them
to bring out a challenger
worthy of my hero!
I overlay Hammer Shark,
Spear Shark and Double Shark.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number
32: Shark Drake!
What do you want me to do next?
If I attack, something
could happen to my sister.
Not true!
You can attack me
as much as you want.
How's that?
It's all part of my story!
The evil Nightshark comes to
Castle Artopia to kidnap
the slumbering princess so
that he can steal her power!
But the great hero,
Artimus Stanleyus,
arrives to rescue the
princess for the forces of good.
And a battle ensues!
All right, then!
Do it, Shark Drake!
Attack King Arthur!
Deep Sea Destruction!
No way... The great King Arthur
has been destroyed...
King Arthur!
The entire fate of the
kingdom hangs in the balance...
You've gotta stand
up and battle!
And battle you will because now
I activate Comic Field's effect!
When a Comic Hero on
the field falls in battle,
it's able to rise again, 500
attack points stronger!
Furthermore...
When King Arthur's
attack points change,
it can activate its
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
it can dish out damage
equal to the amount
of attack points it gained!
Storm Sword!
Oh no, Shark!
That's what you get,
you wretched spawn of evil!
I'm placing one card
facedown and ending my turn.
That's a good Shark,
and now I draw!
I equip King Arthur
with Miracle Sword!
This fabled blade grants it
500 additional attack points.
Its attack points
changed again...
Once more, by using
an Overlay Unit...
Comics Hero King Arthur
deals you damage!
Go Storm Sword!
And now, the valiant
King Arthur attacks Shark Drake!
Flash Sword!
So here's where my epic tale
hit its first plot wall,
A Number can only be
destroyed by another Number.
But I found a way
around that pesky rule
and worked it into my story.
I now activate
Miracle Sword's effect!
When King Arthur fails
to destroy your monster,
I can send this mighty blade
to the graveyard
to activate a
spell card from my hand.
I will smite evil in the name
of Barian World.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
Oh, no!
He's from Barian World!?
With this power, I
rebuild the Overlay Network
with Comics Hero King Arthur!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Barian power, born of chaos,
visit your judgment on
this world of filth!
Come forth, Choas Xyz Comics
Hero Legend Arthur!
That monster's got
3,000 attack points!
And thanks to Rank-up-Magic,
your Xyz Monster's Overlay Units
now belong to Legend Arthur!
Chaos Drain!
That's not all!
For every Overlay Unit
that I stole,
your monster
loses 300 attack points.
And now we arrive at
my favorite part!
Barian's Force gives
my Chaos Xyz Monster
the power to destroy Numbers.
Go, Legend Arthur!
Attack Shark Drake
with Shockwave Slash!
(Yuma) Shark!
Shark, can you hear me?
Yuma?
Is that you?
Shark, we found it!
We found Art's sketchbook in the
club's meeting room at school.
It's got a bunch of
pages from his comic book.
It's all here!
Your sister is like
a princess or something,
but she's captured.
And then you're like some
evilthief guy trying to get to her.
Rio...
So you found my masterpiece.
What were you hoping to
accomplish by finding it?
It's not like you can
change the ending.
How does it end?
Oh, it's epically sad.
A real tear-jerker.
Lord Shark and
the heroic knight battle
for the slumbering Princess.
In the end, the Nightshark
falls to the ground,
defeated by Sir Artimus.
But unfortunately,
Sir Artimus is too late
and the princess is lost
to an eternal sleep.
In other words, you
lose the duel and the girl!
No way!
You have to admit,
it's a great twist!
So then...
there's... There"'s
nothing we can do.
(Ray)
Shark can't win this duel...
There's nothing we can do!
There's gotta be a way!
You can dothis, Shark!
Just get upand duel!
You can change the ending
tothis story, I know you can!
You're not gonna let some
fan fiction decide your fate,
are ya?
He's right.
(Rio)
Win for me, Reginald...
For Rio.
Rio, I need you to hear me.
Rio, can you hear me?
Rio, wake up!
Rio!
Rio?
(Rio) Reginald!
Up here!
Rio.
No way!
How!
She's awake!
What happened?
She's okay!
Yeah!
It would seem that Shark
was able to break through
Art Stanley's magic and
save his sister.
Uh, Shark?
It looks like you're
losing a duel.
Come on, Reginald.
You losing is embarrassing.
I've been losing
'cause of you.
(Art) This is an outrage!
Nobody's allowed to
rewrite my story but me!
I activate Legend Arthur's
special ability!
When your monster
is destroyed in battle,
I can use one Overlay Unit to
pluck it from the graveyard,
banish it, and then
slam you with damage
equal to that monster's
attack points.
I'm gonna change your
story a little bit...
By activating my
Torrential Reborn trap card,
which I can do
since you destroyed
my Water Attribute monster.
So, thanks for that.
Now, I can re-summon
Shark Drake
and deal you
500 points of damage!
That's no good...
And now, it's time to draw!
Shark Drake, the time has come!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear Chaos Number 32,
Shark Drake Veiss!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can banish a Shark monster
from my graveyard to lower your
monster's attack points!
I'm banishing Shark Drake,
which means Legend Arthur
loses 2,800 attack points.
And now I activate the spell
Surging Erosion!
This card destroys Comic Field.
So say goodbye to your
little doodles!
What have you done
to my masterpiece?!
Did I mention yet that Surging
Erosion gives all
my Water Attribute
monsters 500 attack points?
Do it, Shark Drake Veiss!
Attack Legend Arthur!
Chaos Stream!
I knew you coulddo it, Shark!
That was awesome!
Seriously, Shark, that wasa great comeback!
Where am I?
You rocked that duel!
Team Shark for the win!
(Girag)
I'm getting sick and
tired leaving empty handed.
I need to find better puppets.
Let's go home.
♪ ♪
(Art) Shark!
A moment of your time,
my good fellow!
Feast your eyes on this!
I drew up a new hero character
using you as inspiration.
Aww!
That is solid!
Solidly lame.
So what about me?
Am I in it?
Uh...
Yeah, right here.
You're the sidekick.
Comic relief.
Hey!
Observation Number 21:
Yuma would make a good
cartoon character in real life.
You got that right.
Why can't I be the hero?